Introducing Spiderlightning blog (#67)
deislabs/deislabs.io: content/posts/introducing-spiderlightning-and-slight.md

You can think of SpiderLightning as a set of LEGO pieces that can be used to build distributed applications.

![SpiderLightning as lego pieces](/images/spiderlightning/spiderlightning-capabilities.png)

Application developers can then focus on writing business logic and not worry about the underlying infrastructure.

To experiment with SpiderLightning, we built a host CLI called slight. It embeds a WebAssembly runtime called wasmtime and instantiate distributed application capabilities to the underlying infrastructure. For example, it implements key-value capability by using Redis as the underlying data store.

![slight provides services](/images/spiderlightning/slight-services.png)

## How to use slight?

To use slight, you need to install it first. Assuming that you are using a UNIX-based machine, you can install slight by running the following command:

```bash
/bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/deislabs/spiderlightning/main/install.sh)"
```

After installing slight, you can create your very first slight application by running the following command:

```bash
slight new -n spidey@v0.2.0 rust && cd spidey
```

> This command will create a new rust project called spidey. The project will use the SpiderLightning interface version 0.2.0. We also support C.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command will create a new Rust project called spidey that will use the SpiderLightning interfaces at version 0.2.0. Other than Rust, we also support starting C projects.
```
